Update Package Readmes (#2)
directus/visual-editing: readme.md

> # Directus Visual Editing library

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Directus Visual Editing Frontend Library
```

or maybe better

```suggestion
# Visual Editing Frontend Library by Directus
```

This library works together with a Directus instance to enable Visual Editing functionality from within the Directus

> Studio Visual Editor module.

Reviewer: To ensure consistency with the official docs: `Visual Editor module in Directus Studio`

> Developers must make use of this library to ensure communication between client HTML elements and their Directus

Reviewer: To ensure consistency with the official docs: “web developers”

```suggestion
Web developers must make use of this library to ensure communication between their website’s HTML elements and their Directus
```

instance. This is done through data attributes and helper functions built into the library and imported into your
website.

## Documentation

> Documentation covering the set up and functionality for both the client library and the studio module can be found in

Reviewer: - covering `the set up` or `the setup`?
- consistency with docs: `frontend library`

```suggestion
Documentation covering the setup and functionality for both the frontend library and the studio module can be found in
```

the [Directus documentation](https://directus.io/docs/guides/content/visual-editor).

## Test Website

> A test website pre-configured to work with the Directus Visual Editor module has been included is included in the

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
A test website pre-configured to work with the Directus Visual Editor module is included in the
```

> library's repository. This can be used for example purposes and to make it easy to set up an environment for testing or

Reviewer: typo

```suggestion
library’s repository. This can be used for example purposes and to make it easy to set up an environment for testing or
```
